README.md, before:

# Algorithms-II-Princeton
Assignments for Algorithms 2 (Robert Sedgewick and Kevin Wayne , Princeton)

## Course Timeline (till last assignment deadline)
1st Aug 2020 to 7th Sept 2020

## *I'll keep on updating the status here as I progress through the course.*

## Week 1

>> **Specs :** https://coursera.cs.princeton.edu/algs4/assignments/wordnet/specification.php  
>> **Grade :** 91 %  
>> **Todo(s) :** Implement lock step (one pass) BFS  
 
 
 ## Week 2
 
 >> **Specs :** https://coursera.cs.princeton.edu/algs4/assignments/seam/specification.php   
 >> **Grade :** 85 %   
 >> **Todo(s) :**    
          1. Throwing Exceptions   
          2. Failed all the memory cases. Need to optimize   
          3. Clear out Checkstyle warnings   
          4. Remove commented code blocks. 
          
 ## Week 3  
 
 >> **Specs :** https://coursera.cs.princeton.edu/algs4/assignments/baseball/specification.php   
 >> **Grade :** 100 %   
 >> **Todo(s) :**  NA     
 
  ## Week 4  
 
 >> **Specs :** https://coursera.cs.princeton.edu/algs4/assignments/boggle/specification.php   
 >> **Grade :** 100 %   
 >> **Todo(s) :**  NA  
 >> **Comment :** The important part was to override the R-way Trie to a 26 way trie to save memory and check for prefix before going deep in DFS. Created                   TSET.java which is overriden version of TrieSET with R = 26 (A-Z)

Commit message:

Week 5
Burrows Wheeler data compression

README.md, after:

# Algorithms-II-Princeton
Assignments for Algorithms 2 (Robert Sedgewick and Kevin Wayne , Princeton)

## Course Timeline (till last assignment deadline)
1st Aug 2020 to 7th Sept 2020

## *I'll keep on updating the status here as I progress through the course.*

## Week 1

>> **Specs :** https://coursera.cs.princeton.edu/algs4/assignments/wordnet/specification.php  
>> **Grade :** 91 %  
>> **Todo(s) :** Implement lock step (one pass) BFS  
 
 
 ## Week 2
 
 >> **Specs :** https://coursera.cs.princeton.edu/algs4/assignments/seam/specification.php   
 >> **Grade :** 85 %   
 >> **Todo(s) :**    
          1. Throwing Exceptions   
          2. Failed all the memory cases. Need to optimize   
          3. Clear out Checkstyle warnings   
          4. Remove commented code blocks. 
          
 ## Week 3  
 
 >> **Specs :** https://coursera.cs.princeton.edu/algs4/assignments/baseball/specification.php   
 >> **Grade :** 100 %   
 >> **Todo(s) :**  NA     
 
  ## Week 4  
 
 >> **Specs :** https://coursera.cs.princeton.edu/algs4/assignments/boggle/specification.php   
 >> **Grade :** 100 %   
 >> **Todo(s) :**  NA  
 >> **Comment :** The important part was to override the R-way Trie to a 26 way trie to save memory and check for prefix before going deep in DFS. Created                   TSET.java which is overriden version of TrieSET with R = 26 (A-Z)    
 
  ## Week 5     
 
 >> **Specs :** https://coursera.cs.princeton.edu/algs4/assignments/burrows/specification.php   
 >> **Grade :** 86 %   
 >> **Todo(s) :**  Code Optimization.  
 >> **Comment :** Use counting sort instead of HashMap and don't use Arrays.sort and StringBuilder(design violation).
